Hello, what's up?
I really want to yell out mom
At least we don't want to get it if we are afraid of life
The old lady is dead and you are his poison
Inheriting this inheritance is not a natural thing
I'm afraid that he has already put out the fire
The will keeps all the property for revenge
We have more roads
Grandma only has her sister in her heart
My parents are my fault
I didn't like my grandma
It's not your fault.
You can do well enough
It's all that silly girl in the back
It's so cool, it pleases me too much
Yes, Yaoyao
Let's come back another day.
What about your grandma?
He will understand Ouyang after walking for a day
After all, it's for us to be a real family
Uncle Liu, stop the car
What's wrong with the old man?
Uncle Liu, call an ambulance
What's your trouble?
120. Come on
Is this it?
Ah hurry hurry up 120
Is that better?
Don't worry.
The ambulance will be here soon